Update Next/Nuxt guides (#746)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: src/guides/v7/sites_frameworks/getting_started/next.md

- [Incremental Static Regeneration (ISR)](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/incremental-static-regeneration)
- Localization
- Image Optimization
- [`getStaticPaths`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/get-static-paths) (including `fallback: (true|false|'blocking')`)
- [`getStaticProps`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/get-static-props) (including `revalidate`)
- [`getServerSideProps`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/get-server-side-props)
- [`getInitialProps`](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/data-fetching/get-initial-props)

{{ PREREQ }}

<Callout type="info">
  If you run into permission issues while attempting to install the {{PRODUCT}}{' '}
  CLI globally on your local development machine, these may be fixed by using
  [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to manage Node and NPM.
</Callout>

## Getting Started {/* getting-started */}

### Create a Next.js Application {/* create-a-nextjs-application */}

If you don't already have a Next.js application, you can create one using:

```bash
npx create-next-app@latest
```

> ### Initializing your Project {/* initializing-your-project */}

Reviewer: We should mention the steps required to serve traffic through Edgio somewhere in this guide. For example, property creation, hostname setup, firewall, and DNS. It doesn't have to be detailed and we can link out to the other articles.

export default new Router()
  // NextRoutes automatically adds routes for all Next.js pages and their assets
  .use(nextRoutes);
```

### nextRoutes {/* nextroutes */}

In the above code, `nextRoutes` adds all Next.js routes to the router based on the `/pages` directory. You can add additional routes before and after `nextRoutes`. For example, you can choose to send some URLs to an alternate backend origin. This is useful for gradually replacing an existing site with a new Next.js app. See [`{{ CONFIG_FILE }}`](/guides/performance/cdn_as_code/edgio_config#origins) for defining origins and [Proxying an Origin](/guides/performance/cdn_as_code/common_routing_patterns#proxying-an-origin) for more information on proxying requests.

A popular use case is to fallback to a legacy site for any route that your Next.js app isn't configured to handle.

```js filename="routes.js"
import {nextRoutes} from '{{ PACKAGE_NAME }}/next';
import {Router} from '{{ PACKAGE_NAME }}/core/router';

export default new Router()
  .use(nextRoutes)

  // Proxy non-Next.js routes to your origin site
  .match('/some-legacy-path', {
    origin: {
      set_origin: 'origin',
    },
  });
```

> To configure the origin backend, use {{ CONFIG_FILE }}:

Reviewer: We should mention how this setup overrides origin configs when deploying to multiple environments and that you can define an environment-specific origin configuration.

    // is uploaded during deployment
    // includeNodeModules: true,

    // Include additional paths that are dynamically loaded by your app at runtime here when building the serverless bundle.
    include: ['public/**/*'],
  },
};
```

<!-- A working example app can be found [here](https://github.com/edgio-docs/edgio-next-i18n-example). -->

## Image optimizer {/* image-optimizer */}

By default, Next.js image optimizer is replaced by our image optimizer, which is available in all build modes. You can disable it and use the built-in Next.js image optimizer instead by adding `disableImageOptimizer: true` to the `{{ CONFIG_FILE }}` file. see [Config Options](#disableImageOptimizer) for more on the `disableImageOptimizer` flag.

```js filename='{{ CONFIG_FILE }}' ins="3"
module.exports = {
  /* ... */
  next: {
    disableImageOptimizer: true,
  },
};
```

<Callout type="info">

Note that Next.js apps built in serverless mode don't include a Next.js image optimizer. Disabling our image optimizer without providing an alternative may cause them to fail.

</Callout>

## Serverless Bundling {/* serverless-bundling */}

> Next.js has continued to improve how it bundles production builds for deployment on serverless architectures. {{ PRODUCT_NAME }} takes advantage of these improvementsby applying different configuration options depending on the version of Next.js being used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next.js has continued to improve how it bundles production builds for deployment on serverless architectures. {{ PRODUCT_NAME }} takes advantage of these improvements by applying different configuration options depending on the version of Next.js being used:
```
